♪ Thank you for bein' a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road and back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for bein' a friend" ♪
(mellow music playing)
Well, hi, Blanche.
What's the matter?
You know that attorney I've been dating?
I caught him handling melons at the A&P.
And I take it they weren't yours.
You missed my point.
He told me he was a lawyer.
It turns out he's a fruit waxer.
Why do men have to put up false pretenses?
You wear more chest padding
than Johnny Bench.
I can't take time for breakfast.
I'm late. See you later.
-Rose, aren't you forgetting something?
-Oh.
-Sorry, Mama.
-Rose, it's me, Dorothy.
-Oh.
-Didn't you sleep again last night?
No. It's been three nights in a row.
Have you tried drinking warm milk
before bed?
I can't. It reminds me
of when cousin Enoch
fell into the vat of milk at the dairy.
Goodness, was he hurt?
Oh, no.
In fact, it began the annual tradition
of the St. Olaf milk diving tournament.
I won three times in the low-fat division.
Eventually, they discontinued the event.
Several spectators were caught
dipping their Oreo cookies
in the winner's swim trunks.
-(doorbell rings)
-I'll get it!
-Why not take a sleeping pill?
-I don't like pills.
I get slaphappy and say silly things.
We certainly wouldn't want that to happen.
-Hi. It's me, Stan.
-What do you want?
I have a surprise for Dorothy.
What, now that you're off blood pressure
medicine, it's working again?
My God, Sophia, is there anything Dorothy
didn't tell you about us?
Actually, yes, I didn't
know she was pregnant
until four days after the wedding.
Hi, Sophia.
Remember me, Stan's brother, Ted?
-We danced at their wedding.
-Where were you when they divorced?
I was looking to dance then.
-Ted, what a surprise!
-It's great to see you again.
-And me?
-Go hug a land mine.
Blanche, Rose, this is
my little brother Ted.
Charmed, I'm sure.
There's my new Vanity Fair.
-He's just in from Minneapolis.
-Minneapolis, Minnesota?
No, Rose. Minneapolis, France.
-Oh, I'm from Minnesota.
-I'm from Minnesota too.
Then you just moved to France?
Welcome to my life.
Nice meeting you.
I have to go to work.
-What do you do?
-She's Gary Hart's campaign manager.
It doesn't pay much, but you don't have
to get out of bed to do it.
Oh, right. I better change.
Ted, what brings you to Miami?
I'm spending some time
with the greatest guy in the world.
He still looks up to me.
He should. Ted's just a doctor
and a pillar of his community,
while you were the king
of padded toilet seats.
They sold real well,
even put our daughter through college.
They got me through
some tough times too.
Did I hear someone
say you were a doctor?
Not just a doctor...
one of the top neurosurgeons
in the Midwest.
-Get out of here.
-He's also heavy into real estate.
-Nothing much. Just a few mini-malls.
-Your wife must be very proud of you.
-Actually, we're divorced.
-Oh, I'm terribly, terribly sorry.
Love your shirt.
Nice segue, Blanche.
You know, I've never
met a neurosurgeon before.
I would love to hear more about your work,
how about 8 tonight?
Well, that sounds good but I think Stan
might have something planned for us.
Well, I did have ringside seats
at the mud wrestling palace but
hey, a bird in the hand is worth
two in the bush.
Elegantly put, Stan.
-Well, I guess we're on.
-Well, we better get going, Ted.
We wanna get a parking space
at the nude beach
before all those perverts show up.
-See you tonight, doctor.
-Huh-huh.
Well, that was pretty embarrassing.
I know, Dorothy, but what could I do?
He just practically threw himself at me.
(serene music playing)
-Well, good night, Blanche.
-What's your hurry?
-I don't want to put you out.
-I like to put out.
I mean, it's no trouble.
Sit down.
Being a doctor, it must be deeply
fulfilling to lay your hands on someone
and bring them back
to full, pulsating vitality.
Well, I've always believed
the body cures itself.
-Doctors just help it along.
-I'm starting to feel hot.
What could be causing that?
Have you checked your thermostat?
-Why don't you check it?
-Ok. Where is it?
You spent nine years in med school.
Find it yourself.
Hi, Blanche.
Hi, Ted. How was your date?
It's not over yet.
-What are you doing up?
-I still can't sleep.
I don't want to seem insensitive,
but that's your problem. Get out.
Well, Blanche, that does
seem a little insensitive.
-No, it's not. You're just tired.
-Oh, okay.
I'm sorry I interrupted.
-Uh... that's ok. I better be going.
-You just stay right where you are.
-Rose, go to bed.
-I can't sleep.
-Try counting sheep.
-I can't. I'm allergic to wool.
I got to 23 and broke out in hives.
Then I started counting
members of the Jackson family.
-Michael, Janet, Latoya, Tito--
-Rose!
Then there's Stonewall Jackson, but I
don't remember him on the Victory Tour.
Blanche, I'd better be going now.
Ok. Before you do,
I want to thank you for a lovely evening.
Oh, I guess he bought dinner.
-Sophia!
-The Best of Carson is on.
-In here?
-In Hollywood.
They pipe it through little wires,
and it comes here.
Uh... I really have to say good night now.
-Thanks for everything.
-Why? You didn't get everything.
-Hi, Ted.
-Hi, Dorothy.
How was your date?
When I was dating,
the man used to make all the moves.
How many men have you dated?
I don't think that's old-fashioned.
I think it's kind of nice.
-How did you spend your evening?
-Parent-teacher meetings.
Five hours of saying things like,
"Well, your little Betty is a joy
but she's gonna have to trim her Mohawk
if she wants to play Mary
in the Christmas play."
-Sounds like you need to unwind.
-I think I need to retire.
I know it's late,
but could we go for a drink?
Sure. Yeah, I'll settle for that.
(calm music playing)
Four nights in a row
and I still can't sleep.
Please, I haven't had a decent
night's sleep since I was 70
I shouldn't complain,
I mean four nights is nothing
compared to Elsie Uderuden
back in St. Olie.
She stayed awake for 17 straight days
in a rocking chair marathon.
Of course, she couldn't have done it
without the moral support of her children.
And her husband. And his cattle prod.
Okay, that's it. Drink this.
It's a secret potion from the old country
guaranteed to put you to sleep.
-Looks like milk.
-Trust me, Rose. Drink it, slowly.
That's right, down the hatch.
We call this Sicilian Sominex.
Now, you might feel a slight tingling.
But believe me,
you'll sleep like a baby.
I don't feel any tingling,
when's it gonna hit me?
Sophia!
What are you doing?
I was making a soufflé
and it got away from me.
Good morning.
That back door was open.
Any idiot could walk in.
Any idiot did.
So, Blanche, va-va-vavoom, huh?
What?
Last night with Ted. Cha-cha-cha.
Tango, tango. Ole, ole.
Nobody here speaks Spanish, Stan.
-What are you talking about?
-I can play dumb.
Play? You could manage the team.
Tell me where Ted is.
Is he still asleep?
It's not what you think.
I read you. Mum's the word.
He's in the shower, right?
Yo! Ted!
-Stanley, your brother isn't here.
-Where is he?
How should I know?
He left around 11:30.
-That doesn't make sense.
-You're telling me.
This is strange.
He didn't call. He didn't come home.
It's not like Ted.
I've got to find him.
He could've gotten mugged.
He could be lying in the gutter bleeding.
It's worse than I thought.
(mellow music playing)
What are you doing with my brother?
Calm down, Stanley.
It's just a routine search.
-I can't believe you're so desperate.
-Don't talk to me.
I was talking to Ted.
-Let's go!
-I'm not a child.
-I'll go when I'm ready.
-Good for you, Ted.
Ok. I'm ready.
I'll call you later.
-I can't believe what just happened.
-You owe me an explanation.
-Well, Ted and I--
-I don't have to listen to this!
-Don't give me that look.
-What look?
I didn't do anything wrong.
Ted and I just talked.
Right, and the Godfather
made all his money selling olive oil.
If I thought there was anything
between you and Ted,
-I never would have done what I did.
-What did you do, Dorothy?
She spent the night with Ted.
But Ted was your date.
Dorothy, you must've slept
with somebody else.
Blanche, I didn't steal your date.
-Ted said you two had nothing in common.
-Well, obviously. He's dull, boring,
and has dubious taste to say the least.
If that's some schoolgirl attempt
to get my goat,
you're wasting your breath.
I'm questioning how any man could choose
you over me.
It's not working, Blanche.
I suppose there could be some
exceptions...
convicts who haven't
seen a woman in 25 years.
It's still not working, you bimbo.
How childish to resort to name-calling,
you jezebel.
-Floozy.
-Tramp!
I am a tramp?
Have you heard the latest ad campaigns?
Join the Navy. See the world.
Sleep with Blanche Devereaux.
Join the army. Be all you can be.
The marines are looking
for a few good men
who have not slept
with Blanche Devereaux.
Just what are you trying to imply?
-Slut!
-Trash!
Now, girls, settle down before you say
something you'll both regret.
She cannot stand
to see anyone else happy.
Calm down, Dorothy.
I'll brew you some tea.
I don't want any.
This is a special blend, very soothing.
Have you been drinking much of this?
-Only when I can't sleep.
-This is loaded with caffeine.
But we need caffeine,
especially women our age,
or our bones will get brittle,
and we'll walk all stooped over.
That's calcium, Rose.
Calcium not caffeine.
This is what has been
keeping you awake.
You mean, if I stop drinking that,
I can sleep?
You may even blink again.
I've got to get
to the counseling center.
-Take the day off.
-Those people need me.
-What good can you possibly be?
-I'll be there. I'll smile, nod.
Fortunately, many of them hear voices.
I'll tell them one of them is mine.
-Having a nice time?
-Wonderful.
This reminds me of when you and Stan
double-dated with me and Lois Birnbaum.
You and I jitterbugged at Roseland.
Then to Louie's for a malt.
Stan did his walrus imitation
with the straws up his nose.
-We've sure come a long way since then.
-Yeah. Now Stan uses breadsticks.
I had a crush on you.
-You did?
-Sure did.
That's why I'm glad we're here.
There's something very important
I want to ask you.
Anything, Ted.
-May I cut in?
-Oh, hell.
Stan, good to see you.
I'll be at the table.
-But, Ted--
-It's ok. Got all night.
You two enjoy.
Dorothy, you're not moving.
It's like our wedding night.
I don't want to dance.
Dorothy, please, this is really important.
Today Ted booked
two airline seats for Acapulco.
-What does that mean?
-He has no travel agent.
Last time he went to Acapulco,
he got married.
The last time I went to Coney island,
I got pregnant.
He made reservations at the same hotel.
He's wearing my most
expensive after-shave.
-He's going to pop the question.
-You're being ridiculous.
You're jumping to conclusions.
Besides, it's none of your business.
Good night.
Ted... I told Dorothy about Acapulco.
-You heard me make the reservations?
-Yes. It's a terrible mistake.
You mean... it's true?
Well, yes.
-I don't know what to say.
-I hope you'll say yes.
Ted, there's something
you should know about Dorothy.
She snores like a freight train.
Well, who cares? She's still a great gal.
Hey, guy, you're a wealthy doctor.
You could have
gorgeous women at your feet.
Why waste time with Dorothy?
-You're a little out of line.
-I'm not knocking Dorothy.
Oh, what would you call this,
a testimonial?
Ok. I'll have to be blunt.
Ted, you've always admired me
and envied everything I have.
-That's why you want to marry Dorothy.
-Marry Dorothy?
What are you talking about?
Come on. Acapulco. The El Presidente.
You're planning something big.
Yeah. I met this great-looking stewardess
on the flight.
I invited her to Acapulco.
She could only go
if I found a sitter for her kids.
Hey, I'd really appreciate it.
-Come again?
-They are great kids.
One of them plays with matches,
but you don't smoke, do you?
Teddy, you old stud!
Hey, you hang around the master
long enough,
you'll pick up a few tricks. Yo.
Listen, uh, Ted, I hate to interrupt,
but, uh... what was all that sweet talk
about your having a crush on me?
I did, but that was a long time ago.
But...
what about last night?
Well, I'll always remember last night
as a very special evening.
It was.
It was a very special evening.
And that's why I'm going to keep
that deep, dark secret about yourself
that you told me strictly
between the two of us.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Don't mention it.
Good night, Ted, and... goodbye.
Bye.
-Collins, party of two, please.
-May I borrow this, please?
Uh, ladies and gentlemen...
may I have your attention, please?
The gentleman at table five
in the blue suit is impotent.
Bon appétit.
(nostalgic music playing)
Rose. Ohh.
Ohh, Rose.
Honey, did you finally get to sleep?
Well, wake up.
I have to talk to someone.
I want to sleep.
Listen. Dorothy's so upset with me,
and I don't blame her, after what I said.
-How will I ever face her again?
-Uhhh...
Rose, listen! Listen!
Am I a terrible person?
I don't know. Who are you?
-It's me, Blanche.
-Oh, Blanche.
You're not a terrible person.
You're just horny all the time.
-(knock on door)
-Rose, it's Dorothy.
Hush! I can't talk to her, not now.
Oh!
Rose, honey...
-are you awake?
-I don't know.
That's good enough.
I need to talk to someone.
Rose, it's been a terrible night.
Ted turned out to be as big a jerk
as Blanche said he was.
-Ted who?
-Never mind.
How did I let myself get involved?
I mean, how could I allow a man
to come between me and my best friend?
-Blanche won't forgive me.
-I forgive you.
-Honey, where were you?
-Behind the drapes.
What is this, Hamlet?
I didn't want to face you
after all those things I said.
Honey, I understand.
I understand why you were so upset.
I'm not really sure you do, Dorothy.
You see, I threw myself at Ted,
and he tossed me
aside like ratty old sweat socks.
Well, I'm not like you, Dorothy.
I'm not used to that kind of humiliation.
I've never told anyone this before,
but I have a fragile ego.
It'll be our little secret.
Rose, don't worry.
I finally found something to put
you to sleep.
She's asleep.
What? After I spent all day
making this Sicilian sleeping potion?
Aw, Ma, come on.
This saved my uncle Giuseppe's life.
One swig and he slept through
the allied invasion.
Ma, that's ridiculous.
Here. Take a sip.
Wow! This stuff really works.
I got to remember what I put in this.
It takes so little to make her happy.
-Well, good night, Blanche.
-Good night, honey.
Rose, good--
Dorothy?
Dorothy!
(theme music playing)